Development notes
v1.1
04/10/11

User A creates a list. 

User A populates list with products.
	User browses the internet then fills in the form with the required details. 
		System will notify via email all confirmed, subscribed friends of the changes one hour after last product add/edit/delete – the system will only notify friends of changes or products that no one has marked as reserved or bought.

Add a new friend to a list, using friend’s email address.
	System will send an email to the user B:
		Not registered user B:” User A would like to add you to their list, click here to sign up.”
			User B signs up
			User B accepts invite.
		Registered users: “User A would to add you as a friend, click here to accept.” 
			User B Logs in and accepts invite
		Add existing friend: "User A has added you to a new list".

Changes to your list
	If a user has marked this item as reserved or bought, then User A is warned that someone may have already purchased this item.
	If User A continues to edit or delete this item, then User B is sent an email (immediately) to let them know that User A has either edited or removed this item from their list. 
	If no user has marked an item as reserved or bought, a user may continue to edit or delete without warning.

Marking a product as bought
	User B marks a product from User A’s list as reserved and then bought, the system will offer User B the opportunity to opt in to continue receiving further updates from User A’s List

Subscriptions
	Users are opted into list notifications by default
	Users can opt out of notifications on a per list basis
	- subscribe / unsubscribe option on list page itself

Removing a user from a list
	User A removes user B from a list:
		Confirmation required.
		If user B has marked an item as reserved or bought show message (Are you sure, this user might have already bought you something?)
		No email notification is sent to user B
		Item stays in existing state and stays on user A’s list marked as unavailable or available

Deleting friends
	User A removes user B from system:
		Confirmation required.
		If user B has marked any item as reserved or bought on any list show message (Are you sure, this user might have bought you something?)
		No email notification is sent to user B
		Any items stay in existing state and stays on user A’s list marked as unavailable or available

Deleting a list
	User A removes a list:
		Confirmation required.
		No email notification is sent to circle (including user B)
		User B’s, who had reserved an item from the list, shopping list does not display item any longer

Deleting account
	User A removes user A from system:
		Confirmation required.
		User B’s, who had reserved an item from one of your lists, shopping list does not display item any longer